(In 1999)
In 1999, close friends who were all born in 1983...
lived in Seoul Mansion, Seoul.
- Oh, my. - Oh, my.
- That must be them! - Let's go.
(I love you Anthony.)
- Anthony! - Anthony!
Sa Jin Jin was a big fan of Anthony.
Han Ah Reum, a rascal,
was a spoiled brat.
(Mid-term Exam Results)
How many A's do you have? You're incredible.
Jang Young Shim, the genius.
- Gosh, this is so pretty. - Look at this.
- Oh, my. - It's really pretty.
Look at this. Try it on.
- This looks great on you. - It doesn't go along with her.
What do you think about this? Isn't this pretty?
Look at this one.
- No, this one. - What about this?
- This is better. - No, this one is prettier.
This one is the prettiest.
And Gong Ji Won, the only boy member of the group.
Mom, I'm going to school!
- Bye! - Ah Reum is so diligent.
- Hello. - Hello, Ah Reum.
- Wait! - Young Shim is eating again.
Hurry up, Young Shim.
- Gosh, you scared me. - Wait!
You don't need to do that to look pretty.
- Hello. - Hello, Jin Jin.
- Hello. - Hello.
- Let's go! - We're late!
Hurry.
- I nearly forgot about him. - Gosh, he scared me.
- Don't forget me. - You should have come quicker.
- Ji Won. - Yes, sir?
- Hurry up, won't you? - Don't sit over there.
- Here. - Gosh.
Ji Won, why do you look so sullen?
Stand next to them. Go.
Hurry. Hurry up.
I'm going to take the picture now. 1, 2, 3.
They called themselves the "Four Bongos"...
and stayed close together.
The name came from the van they took...
to and from school every day.
One day...
Girls!
- Where are we? - We're on the way to the tunnel.
What tunnel?
It's a magical tunnel.
- Magical? - Magical?
Do you know the story about Lee Mong Ryong?
- Yes. - Yes.
He went to take the civil service exam in Hanyang...
through that tunnel.
That's how he could live happily ever after with Chun Hyang.
- What are you talking about? - That doesn't make sense.
Cha In Pyo too. He married Shin Ae Ra...
after he passed through this tunnel.
- No way. - No way.
But Romeo failed.
- Why? - He couldn't hold his breath.
Love will come true to those who can hold their breaths...
until the end of this tunnel.
- That's how he died? - No, that's not what I meant.
The curse stopped his love from coming true.
- No way. - No way.
- You're a liar. - You're a liar.
It's the tunnel!
Oh, my.
They didn't know it then...
that not being able to hold her breath...
would bring her such an unfortunate result.
The curse did not even allow one romantic relationship for her.
The Bongo's Curse...
is probably the reason why Jin Jin never dated anyone.
Did I talk too much about groundless rumors?
No, it was interesting.
I had been curious about why Sa Jin Jin...
never dated anyone.
I want to know more about you, Hee Jin.
I heard you play an instrument.
I play cello.
I studied at The Moscow Tchaikovsky Conservatory...
and I'm the vice chairwoman of Hanyang Symphony Orchestra.
Tchaikovsky?
It's boring to talk about me, isn't it?
You improve if you try hard every day.
The cello maestro Rostropovich who practiced for...
five hours a day said that.
Rostropovich.
Rost...
This is just... Rostropovich.
Rostropovich.
It's my motto as well.
The best of his performances...
has to be the Cello Suite he performed...
in front of the fallen Berlin Wall.
There are many skilled performers,
but he was the only one who performed with humanism.
Wait, that's wrong.
There's him and now you too.
To your health.
- Is it the co-pilot? - No. Why has Jin Jin never dated?
The Bongo's Curse.
What about you and me then?
Why have we never dated when we held our breaths?
We haven't met our better halves yet.
Don't wrap me into the same category as you.
We're built differently.
- Is it the co-pilot? - No. He wants a date with Jin Jin.
- Is it the co-pilot? - No.
He wants Jin Jin's number.
- The co-pilot? - I said no.
(Game invitation)
Is this from the co-pilot?
I said yes already.
Why did he send you that?
It's the easiest question ever. The answer's so obvious.
What is it?
He's trying to get me worked up.
To get me to contact him.
- Do you agree or not? - How meaningless.
- You've never dated before. - I'm the queen of melodramas.
This is why they say you shouldn't spend...
your whole life studying at your desk.
This message is not that simple.
Is it not?
This is a notification of love.
The prelude to love.
In other words, it's a love letter.
(The third story: Love Letter)
(Episode 5)
- See you. - Bye.
Oh, Sa Jin Jin.
Have you never dated?
How did that happen?
Hello, everyone. Korea's greatest actress.
Please meet Sa Jin Jin.
Hello.
- Hello. - Hi, nice to meet you.
- Please greet our viewers. - Hello, I'm Sa Jin Jin.
It's nice to be here.
That's so strange. Why don't you have a boyfriend?
Are you lying?
I swear I'm not.
You may not be interested, but many men must have bothered you a lot.
They do.
But I...
prefer to hang out with my friends...
and go to late-night movies alone.
That silly girl.
I thought she had a great guy...
hidden away even from us.
Oh, dear.
Honey.
Do you think something's wrong with her?
Why is dating so hard for you?
I must be bad at it.
Maybe you aren't ready.
- What did I do with my life? - No, it's not like that.
You're not ready to go crazy.
Falling in love with someone else...
isn't something you can do if you're sane.
Oh, Sa Jin Jin.
Have you never dated?
How did that happen?
Dating alone isn't that hard.
It's tough to start.
And the beginning is the most exciting time.
Jin Jin, what signals...
the beginning of love?
- Gong Ji Won? - Gong Ji Won?
- Yes. - What a relief.
- What is? - He isn't dead.
We tried so hard to find him.
We joined every online website and social media service.
That's right.
We found nothing, so we thought he was dead.
There was no way to find him.
He has no siblings, and I bet his mom doesn't use the internet.
Is he back in Korea? What for?
- I don't know. - Where was he? Was he with his mom?
- I don't know. - What does he do?
Does he work nearby?
I didn't ask.
Why don't you know anything?
I hope his face didn't suffer the same misfortune...
that Jung Woo Sung's did.
Fortunately, it didn't.
- What else? - Hey. Hey.
- Are you both spinning tops? - What?
Don't spin round the bush. Get straight to the point.
There's only one thing I want to know.
Marital status.
I don't want to know anything else than that.
(Gong Ji Won)
(Gong Ji Won born in 1983)
(Hangeum-dong Gong Ji Won)
(Gong Ji Won Semoon High)
(Gong Ji Won Hangeum)
(Male Gong Ji Won)
(Co-pilot Lee Dong Hoon)
Call me.
Call me. Call me. Call me.
(Bombed Jung Woo Sung)
What?
- Han Ah Reum. - What?
How are things?
Don't beg for a blind date. It's so not attractive.
We don't have that kind of a business-like relationship.
Wait, Woo Sung, I need to ask you something.
Ask away.
Men usually contact women...
they're interested in, don't they?
That's right.
Are there exceptions?
- There are. - Right?
Who is this guy that put you on this emotional rollercoaster?
It's not about me. It's my friend's story.
Oh, sure. Then tell your friend this.
Tell her to come up with an excuse.
An excuse?
First, you'll have to meet him, right?
Then you should come up with an excuse.
For example, say it's a get-together.
A get-together, that's a great idea.
Why don't you wait around a little longer?
I told you, this isn't my story.
Anyway, when do you want me to set you up on a blind date?
Me?
Thank you very much, but I don't need to go on a blind date.
I hope your gathering goes well.
(The 130th National Symphony Orchestra Concert)
(Co-pilot Lee Dong Hoon, Hello.)
(Co-pilot Lee Dong Hoon)
Mr. Lee, this is Han Ah Reum.
Our team is having a get-together.
If you aren't busy, do you want to stop by?
My teammates say that it'd be great if you could come.
(Co-pilot Lee Dong Hoon)
(My teammates say that it'd be great if you could come.)
Let's look up Gong Ji Won.
Gong Ji Won, marriage.
(Gong Ji Won's profile, Gong Ji Won's blog)
(Gong Ji Won, groom)
[VIU Ver] E05 20th Century Boy & Girl "The Curse of Bongo"
-= Ruo Xi =-
(These are pictures of the bride, Bella and the groom, Gong Ji Won.)
I'm sorry.
Bravo! Encore...
(The bride, Bella, the groom, Gong Ji Won)
(These are pictures of the bride, Bella and the groom, Gong Ji Won.)
Goodness.
Gong is gone.
Gong is gone for good. He's gone and married.
Mom, I'm hungry.
Did you arrive safely?
Oh, are you still at the airport?
Yes, rest well, and I'll see you tomorrow.
Sa Jin Jin.
Do you still swim?
Why do you care?
Goodbye.
Hey, don't leave yet.
- No, Mom, I'm late. - No.
- No, thanks. - Just have a bite.
You can't go if you don't eat. Open your mouth.
- Good girl. One more bite. - No.
- Just a little more. Hey. - No, Mom.
Good morning.
- I'm sorry for being late. - That's your desk.
Okay.
Lawyer Jang?
Oh, right. Yes, me?
Who else is around other than you?
Right.
This is a case of employee substitution.
It's about wage payment at a factory nearby.
Prepare a write-up for that until next week.
And this the criminal case for Song Ji Hun.
You know, the humidifier disinfectant death case.
Call their family,
and ask if they have any other evidence.
And look over the written accusation once again.
Yes, sir.
- Oh, right. - Yes?
I'm going to file a bail-out to the commission on human rights...
regarding the long-term sit-in...
of university students against removing comfort women's monument.
Do a research for recent decisions made...
by the commission on human rights on similar cases.
Yes, sir.
Mr. Kang.
You can speak casually to me.
(About our company, History, Vision Statement, Departments...)
You know what?
You look like someone who's just been dumped.
It looks like your first love married...
another woman because you missed the timing.
Hey, what was that movie you were in?
- "Goodbye". - Yes, you have that look.
The way you look right now isn't suitable for such commercials.
(Clean and pure just like nature)
(Organic milk right from the farm)
These are more for fresh and rising starts.
Any movies? Do you have any movie scripts?
I've got a lot of them.
("Never Dated", "Just Single")
("I Can Do Everything But Dating")
("She Is Too Naive for Me")
Is there anything by Producer Shin?
I'll take some time off then.
It's fine.
You should call your insurance company.
It's nothing.
Are you all right? Did you get hurt?
- I'm fine. - I'm relieved. Have you eaten?
I'm about to have dinner. Do you want to join me?
Yes... No?
- What? - What?
Oh, I'm busy.
Okay, we can grab dinner sometime later.
This is your number, right? Ending with 1023.
Yes.
You know my number too, right? It ends with 0710.
(In 2000)
Jin Jin.
What are you doing here?
What is it? You're all weird.
Will you...
go out with me?
(1st Day)
(22nd Day)
(50th Day)
(100th Day)
(1st Day)
You know my number too, right?
It ends with 0710.
What's wrong? Do you have work tomorrow?
Yes, but it's just a narration recording.
Then you don't need to worry about looking fat. Why don't you eat?
You look worried.
No, I'm not.
Yes, you are. What's wrong?
What is it? Tell us.
Well, it's about Gong Ji Won...
Yes, I heard he got married.
Really?
Gosh, he should have invited us to events like that.
So did he come to Korea with his wife?
Probably.
What were you going to say about him?
I had a little car accident in the parking lot.
I found out it was Gong Ji Won's car.
What kind of car does he drive?
Didn't you get hurt? Are you all right?
What's wrong? Did your car get damaged?
- Why do you look worried? - I'm not worried.
- I'm just saying it happened. - Hey, give it to me.
- What? - Your phone.
If you were in an accident, you must know his phone number.
Let's look at his profile picture. Hurry. Give it to me.
All right, let's see it.
I want to see if there's a picture of his wife.
She looked glamorous.
But I think she did a bit of surgery on her eyes and nose.
- Did you see her? - Yes.
Where?
Jin Jin, your mom is asking for you.
She wants you to introduce yourself to her friend.
Go on.
All... All right.
Where did you see his wife?
On the internet.
I'm like the Sherlock Holmes of portal sites.
(Contact Profiles)
Here it is. Gosh, what's this?
It's so like him.
0710?
(Gong Ji Won)
He's using the same last four digits as before.
- What? - Don't you remember?
His house phone number used to be 297-0710.
Of course. You're the one with good memory.
You're really great.
- Hey! - Gosh, you startled me. What?
What is it?
"I couldn't answer the text because I was watching a movie."
"It would be an honor for me..."
"if you invite me to the get-together."
Why does he keep poking around?
If the fire isn't starting,
I should pour some oil on it, right?
- Yes. - It's starting again.
What are you talking about?
- You know she has a condition. - What condition?
A condition that will kill her if she doesn't ask people out.
I'm in love with someone.
He's a student activist in the student council.
- Don't leave love - Don't leave love
- Honor, nor your name - Honor, nor your name
Ah Reum, there's a letter for you.
"I received your letter."
"However, I cannot accept your heart."
"I'm married to this nation."
"Good luck."
I'm truly in love with the captain of the cheerleading team.
This time, show him your heart. Try your best.
(Buhak University Cheerleading Team)
The door opens, and you come in
I knew at first sight
That you were my love
(In 2005)
I'm really, truly in love with someone.
He's a freshman in my department. I'm going to ask him out right away.
Don't go empty-handed when you ask someone out.
- Who is she? - What's that beef bone soup?
- What is that? - That's not right.
- What is that? - It's beef bone soup.
- Gosh, that's so weird. - He's going to decline.
- It looks delicious. - Look at her face.
I'm sorry.
- What are you doing? - Get the soup.
It's a serious condition.
- Do you think there's a cure? - No, it's incurable.
Then let's set a date.
How about next Monday?
(Then let's set a date. How about next Monday?)
Yes, Mom.
I don't feel like eating in the morning. Don't worry.
This weekend could be a little hard. I need to do something.
I need to go there next week anyway.
Mom, I need to get another phone call. I'm hanging up.
All right.
Hey, Matthew. I got your e-mail.
"Narration for a Documentary"
Actresses should do things like this to look considerate.
"There isn't enough food, so the giraffe dies in the end."
This is so sad.
You should drop a few tears in this scene.
They record everything. It would make you look sincere.
I mean it, Jin Jin.
Thank you.
(Candidates for National Chemicals' Management Specialists)
Do you have anyone in mind?
Not really.
How about President Choi from AT?
He's suspected to have been involved in the Kim Young Sil affairs.
Chairman Li Ka Shing seems to be very curious to know...
which specialist we'd select.
In that case,
we should search a little more.
Yes.
- Oh, what about that one? - Which one?
You know, about Sa Jin Jin.
Why do you just laugh like that? Why don't you tell me?
We're just friends.
We've been friends since we barely started walking.
Yes, friends. Right.
That would have been nice.
Ji Won, was she pretty when she was young?
- Of course. - Prettier than she is now?
- Of course. - That's so cool.
Ji Won, just tell me honestly.
You thought she was pretty because you liked her, didn't you?
Look at you. Even talking about her makes you smile.
Gosh.
(Three dollars each)
- Goodbye. - Bye.
What are you doing?
(Episode 6 will air shortly.)